hey guys this is a video that nobody has
been asking for because most people have
been watching my channel for a long time
already know my position on this it's
years and years ago though since I had a
video harshly condemning vegan gains for
his threats of violence for his having
guns and knives on camera and it's so
long ago that back when I last discussed
this
the main problem really was what he did
on camera when he was playing a
fictional character and I didn't defend
him that way we're saying look you can't
judge someone's mental health you can't
judge someone's character or to what
it's that they're a threat when they're
actually playing a fictional character
in a comedy sketch and I still stand by
that that's true of many of his videos
however conversely there's another genre
of video you're about to see some clips
from where vegan gains is very much
speaking in the first person about his
mental health problems is who he really
is
now to me there's there are exactly two
edges to the sword there are two sides
this story I think it's really positive
that in the 21st century people with
serious mental health problems come on
the internet and talk about them that
didn't happen in any other century
didn't happen just a few decades ago
you didn't get the perspective of people
who suffered things like hallucination
and vegan gains I think is doing some
really positive becoming the internet
and talking about what it's like to be
someone who suffers from hallucinations
whatever his underlying medical
condition maybe I don't know I assume I
will never know maybe he will get a
diagnosis I know he's an MRI scans done
and that sort of thing that's certainly
very positive now on the other hand I
think even if you just asked Richard
this Richard is speaking gains if you
described his symptoms that he has and
he said Richard somebody else who has
this checklist of symptoms and problems
do you think they should be stockpiling
weapons do you think they should be
carrying a knife from the Goron town do
you think they should between these
things that you are doing by your own
account by your owners description if
somebody with this checklist of symptoms
was seeing things on the internet such
as you've been saying in terms of making
threats against people and so on you
know do you think that would be a
problem now I think just one year ago I
think he would have been kind of affable
and self-effacing or to said yes he
would have admitted it's a problem when
people who are
crazy or even people who diagnose
themselves as crazy because again to
give him credit he does diagnose himself
as having some kind of serious mental
disorder I think one year ago he would
have said that yes it was a reasonable
concern for someone with such serious
mental health problems to be acting out
in this way even if you believe in
something like GERD of therapy some
people believe that it helps people
think about violence actually act out
this kind of violence like you know to
go and stab a pillow or shoot a dummy
some people believe in that it is not
very popular as a method of of therapy
or you know psychiatric treatment most
people think that only makes it worse
that by acting out violent scenarios and
violent urges you're actually making the
person more dangerous or more unhinged
and less less self-contained in
self-control but there are actually
different theories about that some
people consider that therapeutic maybe
it's therapeutic for some people some of
the time but it's dangerous um it's a
it's a bad sign we can say that I think
that just one year ago he would have
been self effacing enough to recognize
yeah this is a problem he would see it
as a problem in others and therefore
he'd be willing to see it as a problem
in himself I think that today his
political position has hardened I know
he's made videos lately that are
repeating talking points from the
pro-gun lobby from the 1980s that
weren't even believable or credible
1980s he's using tired old memes about
oh well the Nazis would have never come
to power if only there were more guns in
the streets of Berlin and you know
that's that's sad in many different ways
that's sad partly because it just shows
vegan gains and ask yourself have this
in common I don't think either those
guys have ever read a book I mean I
don't think he's read one book on the
history of what happened in Berlin when
the Nazis rose to power I don't think he
read one book that describes the gun
violence that was on the streets from
corner to corner from coffee shop to
coffee shop from pub to pub in the years
leading up to us as pawns rise the Nazis
and the role of gun ownership or guns
being really available there it's it's a
lie built on a lie built on a lie and it
reflects a really kind of bad set of
motivations on his part but those
political beliefs which are his his
beliefs directed outward I think in
large part they reflect a self
justification to
acted inward that he doesn't want to
deal with anymore what I've just
suggested that if he applied rationally
his own standards to himself as he would
apply them to another person in that
situation another person with the same
symptoms stockpiling arms acting out in
the internet making threats in the earth
way is I think a part of him feels a
great sense of shame and guilt that he
really does believe the police ought to
intervene in those circumstances he
believes the police ought to intervene
against him and it's easier for him to
subscribe to a kind of air SATs
right-wing ideology which I know he
didn't believe in just two years ago cuz
I used to talk to the guy he used to
describe himself as a socialist even
it's not a hunk ago he used to describe
himself as quite left-wing on a number
of issues and generally but he's now
putting together a bird's nest of bits
and pieces of political ideology that
are projected outward their claims about
society their claims about the world but
I think they're real psychological
function is projecting inward it's a
self justification in the strictest
sense of the term badness yen I just had
to appear in court the stupid thing with
the police and them trying to ban me
from owning any weapons that's still
going on
problem is I'm still waiting for the
psychiatric assessment from the
psychiatrist so I just had to explain to
a judge that
I have to wait on that assessment until
they can kind of make a ruling on it so
the next like court date is May 5th so I
just have to make sure that the
psychiatrist I hired gets his report
done by then and and hopefully he thinks
I'm not completely absolutely insane
hi everyone today I just wanted to give
a quick little mental health update as
some of you might know I had a bit of a
mental breakdown only a few weeks ago
hasn't been that long and I had a bit of
a panic attack I was hallucinating and
it's primarily stress-related but I have
been taking b12 injections to see maybe
if it would help maybe partly it was a
b12 issue
but I did have another bit of a mental
breakdown just a few days ago I took a
few days off the YouTube just to calm
down and relax and deal with it I was
seeing really bright flashes of color
and patterns and I was hearing this ton
of chatter and voices inside my head it
was like a hundred people were talking
to me at once and it made it really
[ __ ] hard to concentrate I was
getting super nervous and I couldn't
relax
I'm telling you this to give to give
myself some accountability because a
problem that I have is just accepting
and recognizing that I do have some
problems that I need to deal with
because for the longest time this type
of [ __ ] was just a normal day for me
yeah hallucinating freaking out having
anxiety that was normal and for somebody
to come along and say you really need to
relax calm down change what you're doing
it's kind of weird and hard for me to
take this is my bowie knife in here that
they took so I got that one bad so you
might recognize that from Ninja Turtles
Raphael uses them and Elektra uses them
is extendo baton I have another extendo
is just this is a larger extendo baton
this is the airsoft revolver that I had
yeah chopped up people and shoot their
eyes out with the airsoft gun cuz I'm a
psychopath um let's see these are just
these like fake bullets are for the BB
gun there and here's mr. Stevenson's big
axe because I don't know why the [ __ ]
they take an axe from me I guess they
figured I'm gonna go outside and chop
people to death with [ __ ] axe because
I'm an axe murderer
carry a spoon with you just to build up
your story just make sure you tell them
it's for fruit how about I just take my
gun and put it raises a lot of questions
for police as to why no one reported him
I got to go down to some police lockup
place and retrieve the [ __ ] they stole
from me like my hunting bow BB guns and
people already know that this kid was a
problem how do we just let him go
this is Gary the vegan carburetor and I
want to put out a warning about vegan
gains we often don't act until it's too
late we just don't think it's gonna
happen if you've been watching the news
you've seen that this is what people are
talking about there was another shooting
one of the biggest in the United States
and not only the media is talking about
it Ben Trump and other politicians
saying that we can see the signs
oh and psychologists on TV are saying
people don't just flip out in an instant
there are signs and you know what those
signs are having depression having many
weapons going around making threats and
that's exactly bacon gains I would talk
to a hundred million different people I
could list off that are on the right but
I would never ever talk to be engaged
cause vegan gage does an actual piece of
[ __ ] and he has no desire to actually
have an intellectual conversation all he
wants is attention well he wants his
drama and controversy to stir the pot
without any actual you know desire to
have a legitimate adult conversation so
no I will not debate
deikun games and what they were able to
find was really disturbing items on his
social media pages the items about guns
of different things he talked about
killing law enforcement the police
they're wondering why is it that when he
expressed the words he used about
killing the pictures that he use of the
weapons why is it that no one went to
police to report this slitaz [ __ ] over
this knife
it raises a lot of questions for police
as to why no one reported him and the
sheriff sort of stressed this tonight he
said you know if he's this whole idea if
we see something say something and he
kept talking about that this was the
third thing I got at the shooting range
I think the main problem is that our
society is uncaring we don't help people
when they have a problem and people are
having more problems than ever on every
level physical mental emotional
financial but that's not even because of
his his political stances it's because
of the way he carries himself in the way
he speaks and and the in Seoul City
throws up people threats that he throws
at people and he's just he's like a very
angry person full of rage she's like not
a not a nice person in my opinion so
I'll talk to people who have different
opinions I will not talk to people who
are belligerent yeah but oniisan and I
had personal beef like it was very
personal in my like about my you know
private life and I felt the need to do
that but he never has he's never like
threatened to kill anyone
over the years to protect your child if
you have people with illnesses and
people already know that this kid was a
problem how do we just let him go let
him loose
the kids were joking saying we knew they
know about this kid
so this recent shooter the signs were
all there even on social media he's made
threats you know you know the drill and
vegan gains has the same stuff we've
seen him make threats to people and not
only do a lot of people think he is a
sociopath he actually agrees with them
and this guy should be being watched
there should be something to try to
prevent something from happening also
police often know of these shooters
before the shooting
like the Las Vegas one hey they weren't
able to prevent it and they weren't
watching him on that day and the police
no vegan gains - about a year ago they
confiscated his guns and he won the
court case and got them back well the
system is letting us down here now
here's a clip of vegan games actually
talking about how to evade the police
and throw them off track from the
weapons he's caring good a nice good big
knife if you're gonna carry a knife like
this never ever ever ever ever tell the
cops it's for self-defense purposes it
in Canada it's illegal to carry a knife
or any weapon for self-defense so just
make sure you tell them it's for fruit
or some sort of practical utility
purposes carry a spoon with you just to
build up your story
[Music]
evolution